All right, so in this section, we are going to build a jet trivia app.
So this application will look something like this.
It's very simple, but most importantly, we're going to be learning a few things.
So we're going to start learning about clean architecture, at least the introduction, what it means
and how to structure app in such a manner.
We're also going to learn how to pass the JASON using Retrofit, which is a library that abstracts out
all the heart aches, all of the things that one needs to do in order to pass Jason apps from the web.
OK.
And of course, we are going to continue learning about UI design in compose.
So as always, we are going to introduce new things as we build an app.
So this is what we are going to be building a trivia application.
Let me give you a quick demo of the app.
So here's a quick demo of the app here, so as we go through the app, as we answer the questions we
are, we are immediately pulled into the next question.
So here here have Question two out of four thousand eight hundred seventy five questions about a lot
of questions.
So so you can see the layout here.
We have the actual question or the actual statement that we could be true or false, and we have the
options at the bottom here, OK?
All of this is coming in from a JSON file.
So in this case, if I say next, if I select what I selected, then that works.
And let's say true, well, that's great and can see.
Also, at certain point, I start having this meter that is showing that it's very small.
So as I get the answers correct, looks like I'm real good at this.
You can see that that meter is changing.
OK.
This is because I've worked on this, so I know this is wrong.
You can see it has this red color to say This is wrong.
I can't.
I wa.
Perhaps there we go and we can continue in as our meter shows.
Here are the certain at certain point we're going to start seeing the actual score of the game.
This is what we are going to be building.